#summary changes and feature additions to MacFusion and components bundled therein
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Changes and feature additions to MacFusion and components bundled therein =

*Note*: the _[http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/wiki/CHANGELOG MacFUSE changelog]_ appears in its own project area.

=== deferred ===
  * [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=197 About MacFusion window and Finder | Get Info are more descriptive]; version strings and other changes to info.plist
  * random issues with [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=25#c21 unpredictable third party applications + sleep/wake preferences + change of location whilst awake (in combination with each other)]: discussion and testing ongoing
  * [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=198&can=1&q=info.plist URL for software updates corrected]; users of MacFusion release 1.1 will probably need to update manually

= MacFusion 1.2 Beta 3 =
*[http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list 2007-07-16]*

  * notifications from MacFUSE are watched and logged by MacFusion (revision 286 in Subversion, 2007-07-04)

== MacFusion nightly 20070704 revision 284 ==
2007-07-04, [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list?can=4&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount deprecated]

  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=218 Custom port number for SSH favourite] is saved when MacFusion quits.
  # Fixes for [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=211 failed to access volume icon file (2)] error.
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=221 MacFusion log line spacing and line endings] are improved.

== MacFusion nightly 20070627 revision 279 ==
2007-06-27, [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list?can=4&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount deprecated]

  # FTP Extra Options (Advanced) *-o ftpfs_debug=3 -d -v* for a troublesome connection will now result in appropriate debug information in MacFusion logs.
  # Improved/renewed [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=213 compatibility for users of MacPorts].

== MacFusion 1.2 Beta 2 ==
2007-06-23, [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list?can=4&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount deprecated]

  # FTP [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=210 authentication behaviour] is restored.
  # Icon naming changes.
  # Pre-empting [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=152 issues with some FTP servers], curlftpfs will by default use PASV (will not first attempt EPSV).

== MacFusion 1.2 Beta 1 ==
2007-06-21, [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list?can=4&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount deprecated]

  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=178 Advanced options for CurlFtpFS] (FTP).
  # API improvements for easier loading and saving of file systems (revision 263 in Subversion, 2007-06-17).
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=153 Compatible with case-sensitive file systems] (revision 253 in Subversion, 2007-06-04).
  # Compatible with MacFUSE 0.4.0 (revision 260 in Subversion, 2007-06-09).
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=193 favorites for a plug-in that is absent] are preserved but not loaded.
  # Fix for linker warnnings and build problems (revision 232 in Subversion, 2007-05-23).
  # Fix to description string generation for network filesystems (revision 267 in Subversion, 2007-06-18).
  # FTP connection improved thanks to version 0.9.1 of curlftpfs (previously 0.9.0).
  # GUI is improved (revision 261 in Subversion, 2007-06-11).
  # Header files are properly copied into the final product, with their "role" set to public (revision 233 in Subversion, 2007-05-23).
  # Icon support for FTP and SSH (revision 263 in Subversion, 2007-06-17).
  # Minor fixes (revision 263 in Subversion, 2007-06-17).
  # Refactored: SSHFS and FTPFS now inherit from the same class (MFNetworkFS); non-network file system should inherit from MFFilesystem (revision 261 in Subversion, 2007-06-11).
  # Renamed some files and classes with prefix (revision 263 in Subversion, 2007-06-17).

= MacFusion 1.1 =
*[http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list 2007-05-22]*

  # Compatible with standard [http://pdb.finkproject.org/pdb/package.php/fuse Fink] and [http://www.macports.org/ MacPorts] installations; MacFusion (curlftpfs and sshfs plug-ins) will recognise [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=90 alternate paths to libfuse].
  # Contextual menu for the Favorites view.
  # Contextual menu option: [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=89 duplicate an existing favourite].
  # Contributors to code are credited in an `authors` file.
  # Dependency checking: MacFusion should warn _once_ if it encounters a [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=69 version of MacFUSE that is untested with the running version of MacFusion].
  # Favorites window floats. Window can be minimised. Window is [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=122 lost] only when Exposé is active.
  # Headers are packaged in `MacFusion.app` bundle under `headers`. 
  # Log is written to [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=93 ~/Library/Logs/MacFusion.log] where it is readable by Apple's Console utility.
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=80 Log window pane] resizes in harmony with window frame.
  # Log window scrolls automatically if nothing else is selected.
  # Logging API improved, using plug-ins to guarantee properly ordered presentation of notifications.
  # Logging from the macfusion core should now go directly to the log window and log file instead of the console.
  # OK button fixed for saving changes to [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=88 paths], [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=78 sshfs options] and [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=135 other fields in the Edit sheet of the Favourites window].
  # Plug-ins link against MacFusion.app using `-bundle_loader`.
  # Preferences are [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=38 written to ~/Library/Preferences/org.mgorbach.MacFusion.plist] at time of preference.
  # Processes from sshfs are now correctly terminated on unmount (using SIGKILL) if we are using -odebug in the advanced flags.
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=77 Selection changing discontinuously] fixed.
  # Quick Mount window floats. 
  # Sparkle [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=55 checks for updates to MacFusion application bundle (only)] are preferred by default for first-time users. Preference window at first launch [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=10 should no longer be obscured].
  # Sparkle updating is now enabled and linked to the appcast of macfusion off `www.iusethis.com`.
  # UI improvements. 

== MacFusion 1.1 Beta2 ==
2007-05-11, [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list?can=4&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount deprecated]

  # Compatible with [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/ MacFUSE] 0.3.0.
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=28 Extra Options (Advanced) field added to Favourites and Quick Connect dialogues for SSHFS].
  # Fix for most situations in which [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=6 volume mount points are not removed following a connection failure].
  # Fix for a [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=12& MacFusion notification presented via Growl that could be misleading in situations such as mount failure or user error].
  # `allow_root` is ~~now enabled by default~~ [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=16#c7 no longer perceived as a possible preference].
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=14  Log menu and window] added to MacFusion. Less [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=35 dependence upon Growl]. 
  # [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=12 SSHFS latency] improved (sshnodelay.so).
  # Verification (closure) of [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/issues/detail?id=164 MacFUSE issue 164] has been recommended.

== MacFusion 1.01 B1 ==
2007-04-27, [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list?can=4&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount deprecated]

  # Bugs with saving of SSH and FTP passwords should be mostly squashed. 
  # `Follow symlinks` is now on by default
    * [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/list if anyone really needs a switch for this, I can add one]
    * it is unlikely that anyone will need to turn it off. 
  # Fixes for minor GUI bugs. 
  # Includes new version of SSHFS binary
    * sshfs-static here is equivalent to the sshfs-static bundled in version 0.2.0 of [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/wiki/MACFUSE_FS_SSHFS sshfs.app]
    * should fix issues such as [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=5 this one involving Microsoft Word 2004]. 

== MacFusion 1.0 ==
2007-04-22, [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/downloads/list?can=4&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount deprecated]

  * this release coincided with the launch of the [http://www.sccs.swarthmore.edu/users/08/mgorbach/MacFusionWeb/ MacFusion home page].





