#summary clarification, distinctions, explanations
#labels Featured

= Clarification =

The [http://www.sccs.swarthmore.edu/users/08/mgorbach/MacFusionWeb/ MacFusion home page] offers a primary introduction.

= Distinctions =

== Apple Mac OS and Finder ==

Questions relating to Mac OS and Finder should be addressed to Apple. Hot topics include:

  * .DS_Store files
    * [http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=301711 Mac OS X 10.4: How to prevent .DS_Store file creation over network connections]
  * dot underscore files
    * [http://groups.google.com/group/MacFusion-devel/browse_frm/thread/67b3e3e141cdc162 ._]  

== MacFUSE, MacFusion and other applications ==
{{{
===========================================
|
|-- FUSE for Linux
|
=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=
|
|-- MacFUSE kernel module
|-- SSHFS binary for MacFUSE
|
=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=
   |
   |-- MacFusion and plug-ins
       |-- CurlFtpFS (FTP)
       |-- EncFS
       |-- SSHFS (SSH/SFTP)
       |-- Xgrid FUSE (not yet implemented)
       |-- other plug-ins

=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=
   |
   |-- gDisk
   |-- iTunesFS
   |-- NTFS-3G for Mac OS X 
          and MacFUSE Tools
   |-- Secure Remote Disk
   |-- Xgrid FUSE
   |-- other applications

=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=.=^=
|
|||||| sshfs for Darwin (Mac OS X)

===========================================
}}}
(That's a fairly broad snapshot, sketched in May 2007; please, don't expect the representation above to be updated.)

MacFUSE and MacFusion are separate but closely related projects. 

MacFUSE is the foundation upon which MacFusion runs.

[http://www.sccs.swarthmore.edu/users/08/mgorbach/MacFusionWeb/ MacFusion] is a [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/wiki/FileSystemsToImplement plug-in]-based graphical user interface (GUI) for [http://googlemac.blogspot.com/2007/01/taming-mac-os-x-file-systems.html MacFUSE].

Bundled within the FTPFS.plugin [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/wiki/FileSystemsToImplement plug-in] to MacFusion is a curlftpfs-static binary for connections to FTP servers.

Bundled within the SSHFS.plugin [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/wiki/FileSystemsToImplement plug-in] to MacFusion is an sshfs-static binary for connections to SSH/SFTP servers.

sshfs.app may appear in the [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/downloads/list MacFUSE downloads area] but please note: whilst the sshfs-static binary within the bundle is supported, the sshfs.app (application bundle) in its entirety is an *[http://groups.google.com/group/macfuse-devel/browse_thread/thread/5dbb1af9eb4b3e06?tvc=2&fwc=1# unsuppported] demo*.

Issues that relate to the sshfs-static binary -- not to MacFusion -- can be found/reported in the [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/issues/list?can=2&q=sshfs&sort=priority&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Priority%20Milestone%20Owner%20Summary MacFUSE issues area]. 

(Issues that relate to the sshfs.app demo should *never* be reported.)

= Explanations =

Non-technical users will probably be baffled by those distinctions. 

User-friendly explanations from MacFusion project members will be welcomed!





