#summary answers to frequently asked questions

= FAQ =

== I installed version 0.3.0 or later of MacFUSE for use with version 1.01 B1 or earlier of MacFusion. Is this OK? ==

  * At the time of writing, MacFusion versions 1.0 and 1.01 B1 are tested with version 0.2.5 of MacFUSE
    * testing with other combinations is limited, but underway.
  * If you suspect an incompatibility between MacFUSE 0.3.0 and your MacFusion installation, you might:
    # uninstall MacFUSE (see the [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/wiki/FAQ FAQ for MacFUSE])
    # install MacFuse 0.2.5 ([http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/downloads/list?can=1&q=&colspec=Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size+DownloadCount expanded list of MacFUSE downloads])
    # restart Mac OS.
  * To understand the new approaches associated with version 0.3.0 of MacFUSE, please refer to the [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/wiki/CHANGELOG MacFUSE Core Binary changelog]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/list Issue reports] are warmly welcomed. 

== I launched MacFusion but can't see it running. Where is it? ==

  * MacFusion 1.0 is a menu extra without a Dock icon
    * look for the grey globe+arrows icon in your menu bar
    * probably to the left of other icons with which you're familiar
    * the menu extra icon and menus in general are discussed in the [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/list?can=2&q=label:menus&sort=priority&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Priority%20Milestone%20Owner%20Summary Issues] area.

== MacFusion menu items are greyed out. Why? ==

  * A preferences dialogue, presented when MacFusion 1.0 launches for the first time, may be obscured by other windows
    * minimise/close windows, or use Expose to show all windows
    * in this context, command-tab will not reveal MacFusion
    * [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/issues/detail?id=10&can=2&q=launch&sort=priority this issue] is being considered in the context of other UI fixes/enhancements.

== Updates to MacFUSE and MacFusion ==

If an [http://code.google.com/p/macfuse/wiki/CHANGELOG update to MacFUSE] appears before an [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/wiki/CHANGELOG update to MacFusion], should I refrain from updating my MacFUSE installation?

  *  Unless advised otherwise, please wait for your copy of MacFusion to announce and install recommended updates
    * MacFusion uses Sparkle technology to automate these announcements and installations.
  
Will MacFusion's Sparkle configuration announce updates to MacFUSE as well as MacFusion?

  *  

== I installed version 0.3.0 of MacFUSE for use with version 1.01 B1 or earlier of MacFusion. Is this OK? ==



== Why am I not receiving notifications of updates to issues that I have _reported_ ? ==

  * This seems to be an issue with the Google Code web site. If you are affected, you may: 
    # add relevant comments to [http://code.google.com/p/support/issues/detail?id=227 issue *227*]
    # review your [http://code.google.com/hosting/settings Google Code Settings].

== I reviewed my Google Code Settings, they are correct. Why am I not receiving notifications of updates to issues that I have _reported_ ? ==

  * This seems to fall under the same umbrella. If you are affected, you may: 
    * add relevant comments to [http://code.google.com/p/support/issues/detail?id=227 issue *227*].

== Why am I not receiving notifications of updates to _other_ people's issue reports that have been starred by me? ==

  * This seems to be a *separate* issue with the Google Code web site. If you are affefcted, you may:
    # add relevant comments to the [http://code.google.com/p/support/issues/detail?id=228 issue *228*]
    # change your [http://code.google.com/hosting/settings Google Code Settings].

== Why can't I find my way back to the Google Code Settings tab without visiting these FAQ? ==

  * This seems to be a *separate* issue with the Google Code web site. If you are affected, you may: 
    * add relevant comments to [http://code.google.com/p/support/issues/detail?id=168#c5 issue *168*]
      *  We have asked for that issue summary to be renamed `Settings tab is invisible to _group_ members who are not _project_ members`

== How do I alter or specify options that are not revealed in the current version of MacFusion? ==

  *  Advanced and other options may be entered in Terminal, at the command line
    * certain commands/options/debugging environments may require use of a particular shell; do not assume that tcsh or bash are universally appropriate
    * if you're not comfortable with shells and command-line environments, please await the [http://code.google.com/p/macfusion/wiki/MacFusionUpdates next release of MacFusion] :)

== How can I make sshfs-static more easily available at the command line? ==

  * This is not a MacFusion question, but the tendency is to create a symbolic link
    * from `sshfs` at `/usr/local/bin`
    * to the `sshfs-static` binary that's bundled within the plug-in within MacFusion.

== How do I create a symbolic link? ==

  * Again, not a MacFusion question; if you're unfamiliar with symlinks then it's advisable to educate yourself regarding use of shells and command lines. That said, there's a GUI (contextual menu item) that you might find useful: 
    * [http://seiryu.home.comcast.net/symboliclinker.html SymbolicLinker].

